[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]
>> What was life like in Khem?
I am your host and
guide Matias de Stefano.
In this episode, we will explore
Khem, the mother civilization
of ancient Egypt.
The first time I was supposed
to remember and to understand
who I was was when
I was 12 years old.
My guides told me in
seven days I would
start to remember other lives.
That week the first
memory I had was myself
with the body of a woman.
And the man who was my
husband in that life,
both of us asking
for help and support
there in the Bassik, what we
call now the Great Sphinx.
The first image I had
of my entire memories
was being there watching the
lion straight to the eyes
and asking the
Bassik, as we call it,
for help to support myself in
everything that I had to do
and that I wouldn't
be able to accomplish.
From that memory,
from the emotion,
I started to remember
my country, Khem.
I asked my guides why I
had to feel the memories
and not just to remember them.
And my guides told
me that the memories
are bounded by the emotion.
That we don't remember
stuff just through the mind,
that we remember where we
have lived through the heart.
That everything
that you remember
is because you felt it,
not because you thought it.
And that is why most
of the memories that I
was able to remember from
not only that life but others
was because of the emotion that
brought me every memory that I
was living in.
Since we were kids
in that life, we've
been taught about the
importance of our river,
of the spine of the world.
And we were said
that our country was
the first settlement that the
Atlantean people, the Khefien,
thought it would become
the New Atlantis.
That's why, for us,
it was so important.
And we were so honored to be in
the second mother civilization.
We were the ones in charge
that all the information
of the world would
survive through the night
of the galaxy.
At the time I lived
in Khem, the schools
of knowledge, the first
teachings that they were giving
to us was the language,
because language was the key
to understand the realities.
We knew that the spirit
created everything by singing.
The singings, the
words, the vibration
were the main languages
of the universe.
So we were gifted
with the possibility
to talk, to
understand the words,
to understand the
patterns of vibration.
And that's why it
was so important
for us to learn the
language as better
we can to understand the
meaning of every vibration.
We settle these concepts of
the divine in different sounds
or letters.
These letters would be
gathering to create concepts.
As our culture was growing,
we understood these vibrations
through our environment.
So we start to call the
concepts of the divine
according to the vibrations
we have surrounding us.
How do we speak and how
we used the language
was very important.
And we divided the people
in vibration of languages.
We settle the
agriculture people,
the builders of our
towns, the politicians,
they all has like different
patterns to speak.
And the priests and priestesses
has another totally different.
We didn't have kings or queens.
They were all priests
and priestesses.
And we were changing power.
Like in our democracy today,
we were switching power
through the temples.
So each temple has its own time
to rule the country according
to what the country was needing.
Our main idea as a country was
that if only one head rules
everything and that head
doesn't understand everything,
so a body could not work.
So according to the needs of
any time, like spring, winter,
we divided the rulers
of our civilization.
And we just were
rotating the power
so the whole body has a voice.
When I was a child,
until my seven years,
we had to learn about
the physical world.
So we had to learn how to handle
the emotions and the body.
So we needed to learn
about how our blood works.
We needed to learn how to change
the vibration of the water.
Teachers taught us how
to speak with the moon,
with the water of the sea,
with the blood inside,
and to understand how
everything really was water.
Everything in the universe that
has a mind has water within.
So they not only taught
us how to read and listen
the patterns of water
here, but also to listen
the thoughts of every planet.
We could hear the vibration
through time and space,
because they said water is the
biggest mind of the universe.
So if you can listen
your own water,
you can hear the
thoughts of the universe.
Atlantean people used
to name our country
as Gain-Ebedis, the
place with many beauties
and many resources.
And Gain-Ebedis was known by
us like the great Sut, Tul Sut.
Tul Sut was the great
village, the great population.
We call the great population
like the great path.
All of us were the
workers of consciousness.
So we call our country the
path towards the light.
And that's why we used
to call it the Sut.
Sut meant that every
town, and every village,
and every little house along
the River Nile, the Tul Fah,
would be connected like one
country, like one thought.
The families that ruled
the planet at that time
were called the Blue
Ones, the Atil Khef.
And even though we were
coming from the families
of Arcturian civilizations--
because all our blood was
created by the Arcturians
and the humans on Earth--
we were also called by
civilization the snake people.
We used to be called
the snake people, not
because we were reptilians, but
because we were the ones ruling
the snake of the world,
the snake of the river that
goes from the earth
to the heavens,
and then the snake that
was in Anatolia that ruled
the energy of the whole world.
So we were in charge
of the whole region.
And that's why we were
called the snake people.
And that's why the snakes were
the symbol of our civilization.
Because of history taught
us that the snake gave
the information to the women,
that is why in our region,
in our culture, women were
in charge of everything.
Because we understood
that every spirit that
was trying to be
born in this planet
to experience or
transform realities,
they needed to go through
the womb of a mother.
And that is why, for us, it
was the most powerful being.
That was why the
structure of the society
was ruled by women in circles.
Every circle in every
region were the mothers
that represented the sons and
daughters that was the society.
And we, as women as
part of the 12 families,
we needed to learn everything
from this path, everything
from the nature,
in order to create
a perfect society so the spirits
could live properly in Earth.
At the time I was there,
we called the capital
of the region Ruhnilah.
Ruhnilah was a big city around
what we call now Giza Plateau.
At the time I was living
there, we had only one pyramid.
This only one pyramid
was in the middle.
And it has three big
chambers in the corner that
were the places where the
priests and priestesses used
to go to channel the
information of the whole brain.
Every obelisk around
would be like the antenna
to bring the information,
to storage the information,
and to make like
these canals to anchor
the information of the
highest point of the pyramid.
So whoever goes
inside the pyramid
and puts the basin
of water, they
would sing so loud so
the vibration could rise.
And the patterns
of this vibration
would activate the highest
point of the pyramid.
This highest point
would conduct the energy
from the gold and
the minerals above.
And this charging of
energy would be connected
to these pillars around.
So all the information of the
city would be spread around
and would be used to
connect with the network.
It was like if every human,
every person in the city
were like the chargers
of the pyramids.
So at the time we were all
connecting with this pattern,
the obelisk would hold
this energy in our towns.
And this energy would
activate our memory.
The priest and
priestesses were the ones
that we call the speakers
with the world, the Arsayian.
The Arsayian where
those who were
able to use the
antennas of reality
to bring the information
of the whole world.
of the whole pattern of
the world, to our city.
We call Ruhnilah the brain city
because all the information
from the network
around in the planet
was downloading there or
uploading through them.
Also we had another
order of priest
and priestesses that
we called the Idilien.
The Idilien were the people
in charge of every element.
So each one of the Idilien
has a different purpose
to work with every
one of those elements.
So as the priests
and priestesses
were able to talk with
the world and the planet
through the energy
of the people,
the Idilien were the ones
working with the alchemy
to transform those ideas
and those talks and thoughts
into matter.
The Sut was connected
along the River Nile
through different ways.
We had three paths--
one through water, one through
earth, and the other one
through the energy.
They would sail in boats.
We would have the
path of initiations
that would be walking.
And we also had the
path of the energy.
The one of the energy was the
most amazing path for all of us
because it was this path hold
by these resonance pillars
that we call now the Djed.
And these pillars of
vibration, what they would do
was allow the South and the
North to send information,
to send messages, and
to send also materials.
They would send mostly
big blocks of stone.
And they would push them
through this path of vibration.
And they would just go through
and travel through the singings
of the priests.
This path was not
used by humans,
because the humans that would
use this path would disappear,
would be brought to the atomic
spectrum, atomic reality.
So that's why the
priestess would
walk outside the
pillars of vibration.
And they would create
this perfect harmony
so everything that was inside
was just levitating, flowing.
We would see sometimes these
pillars from the river.
And the river has changed.
And everything was like
savanna, it was not desert.
So we could see animals around.
We could see elephants.
We could see lions
all over the region.
So that helped us also
to be related with nature
and to understand the different
aspects of the divine that
were related to every temple.
That's how also every temple
adopt its own teaching
through the aspects
of nature, bringing
the lion, the
ibis, the crocodile
as beings that represented
the aspects of the divine.
So that's why we used
those animals that
used to live in that
region as the animals that
represented God.
And that is why thousands
of years after, we
start to call them gods.
This path that
connected South to North
through the vibration,
the Great Sut
it was the one that was
delivering the materials
to create every temple in order
to build the perfect being that
was our country.
In the period of Atlantis
and Egypt, the Khef and Khem,
the buildings they were starting
to make around the planet
were for downloaded
this information.
Every temple was like
a different shape
in which this download
would be possible.
So humans in those temples,
in those stone circles,
in those cities with
water, these buildings
like these pyramids
were buildings
that helps to bring the
vibration of every timeline
in the higher level
vibration of this network,
of the Mannick network.
So we could write it down.
We can download it in our
bodies, in our energy,
so that DNA could
awake this information
from other dimensions in
our dimension, in our world.
In order to do
that, they started
to build the pyramid
to create this machine
to download this information.
And in order to
do that, they had
to put every dimension
into the physical shape.
The first kingdom
to be created was
the kingdom of stones,
the kingdom of minerals.
So they understood that
the patterns of geometry
were creating these
minerals first.
And that is why we needed
silicon and crystals
to create these stones
to channel the vibration
and information through
every dimension.
Stones were very important.
And that is why, even
if we were trying
to build spheres in the matter,
or pyramids, the structure
to build those other machines,
these machines to download
the information from
other structures,
should be in square
or cube shaped.
The cube shape would be
the physical way in which
a sphere could be created.
To be downloaded in our
worlds, we need squares,
and we need these
patterns of cubes.
So that's why by vibration
we created these cubes
to build the temples and to
build the pyramids in order
to hold all this
amount of energy.
This was understood by the
construction of the chakana.
The interdimensional chakana
that in South America they know
are, in Atlantean times,
was called the Protiktah.
Protiktah was this energy
with pyramidal shape
that goes up, and goes down, and
is built by different groups.
These different groups relate
every spot of dimensions.
So we have the ninth
dimension within.
And we have four dimensions
up and four dimensions below.
So these eight dimensions
holding the first one
relates the cube to
the main structure
to reach every
information of god,
of the goddess of the universe.
So that is why the chakana was
the shape in which every being
could understand the
path of evolution
and the path of vibration
that a sphere needs in order
to be created as a
planet, as being,
so we could download every
aspect of the universe.
This is why the
pyramids were built
with cubes and with
these long cubes
to download this information
and to hold this vibration
in this pyramidal shape.
By multiplying those patterns
of cubes of the chakana,
they created the
biggest Protiktah, which
are the pyramids, below and up.
These structures
would have four faces
in the material world and other
four faces into the timelines.
So we have four faces for
space, four faces for time.
And the connection
between them would
be the positive and the negative
aspects of the vibration.
That is why when we see
in the third dimension
world, the pyramid, we
can see just four faces.
But if we can see
through time, because
of the equinox and
solstice, we would
see the shadows of
the pyramids showing
that they have other faces.
They have eight faces.
These eight faces are
only shown by the shadows,
the shadows of the time of
every timeline of solstice
and equinox.
These shadows
shows that in order
to get into the
core of the system,
you need the two energies
flowing in this vibration.
The energies of
space would bring
the shape of this
octahedron that creates
the seed of the information.
And then the other
four faces would
create the wave of
vibration in order
to reach the perfect
amount of energy
we need to open a portal.
If we could see the
pyramid in two dimensions,
we would split every face
of the pyramid in a paper.
And we would see
that the lines out
and the lines in the
structure of the pyramid
will draw a wave.
This wave creates the
pattern to the vibration.
As lower it is closer to the
ground, the vibration is low.
And this vibration would talk
about the deepest and darkness
energies of the world
that are the soil
to bring that energy up.
So we needed the low
vibration to connect
with the core of the planet.
And as we reach the
top of the pyramid,
the high vibration
start to activate
every timeline and every
space into one, which
is the top of the gold pyramid.
The gold pyramid up would be the
conductor of all this vibration
that every time of the
year, in four times
of the year, every equinox
and every solstice,
would be the perfect times
to connect the network
and to align all the information
from the highest vibration
network to the physical ones.
That was the period when
the structure of the network
Mannick was downloaded
on the planet.
And we could
understand everything.
We had order in our realities.
But as the school
of knowledge, they
would teach us we needed to
download this information
and record it in the underground
so everyone in the future
could upload this
information again.
At the time the
Era of Leo began,
we had this temple in front
of the Sphinx called Ptelintur
where this information was
brought from the heavens
to Earth.
And there was nothing else
but these temples surrounding
the Sphinx.
The Sphinx would be the
keeper of knowledge.
And under the Sphinx,
what my ancestors built
there was the Halls
of Amenti, the storage
of knowledge of our history.
He would protect the
knowledge of our civilization.
And all the path
under the Sphinx
would be connecting all
the records and memory
of every chamber that is
below the region of Giza.
Amenti in the
language I remember,
the vibration of the word, means
where all my knowledge is in.
So these halls of information
is where all the information
of the planet was downloaded.
It was ethereal place
connected to the physical one.
They carved underground
so we could storage
in water this information.
They create these patterns to
bring the water from the river
into the pyramids below
so all the Halls of Amenti
will be the place where all
this vibration from Mannick web
could be downloaded and
stored in the water.
The school teachings of
Djehuty and other people
from that time were
are the schools
that taught us that every
cycle of time we all
needed to change.
That is why we needed to move
through the different levels
of vibration of the time
through the pyramids
and to adapt into the
new times and new eras.
That is why at the moment
when the plan of building
Amenti and building
the pyramids was trying
to be designed by Djehuty,
we as Atlantean people
start to prepare ourselves for
the new time coming, the time
of the rulers of the self, the
kings and queens of the spirit.
And that moment was, for
Atlantean people, the moment
that they saw the clock of time
saying your time is ending.
Because everyone realized
about this ending of time,
they went to what we call
now Egypt and created
the libraries of Amenti
under the Giza Plateau
so the new time could
protect that knowledge.
So this new time was protecting
the information underground.
So whatever happens
in the upper world,
nothing would touch
the information below.
During this process
of the Atlantean
beings that were
moving into Egypt
were trying to create this
new time, this new reality,
and this new humanity.
That was why at the end of the
time when Djehuty was starting
to build the pyramids,
the Atlantean people
wouldn't allow that
other colonies would
split the information in a
different way they were doing.
In the Virgo Era, they were
thinking that everything
was perfect as they settled.
So they wouldn't allow others to
change what they have created.
That made the Atlantean
people to create
the civil war in which they
were trying to get power
over all these other
civilizations being born
to create this new time of Leo.
Because of the work and
dedication from Djehuty
and so many of our ancient
Atlantean ancestors,
the Halls of Amenti preserved
this cosmic information
underground as the
growing Atlantean
empire began to misuse their
power to control the planet.
But as with all
empires that focus
on power and control,
what rises must also fall.
Thank you for joining
me on this journey.
I am your host and
guide, Matias de Stefano.
In the next episode, we
will uncover the network
that was built by the empire and
how the misuse of that network
created a global shift that
became one of the biggest
legends in human history.
[THEME MUSIC PLAYING]